this spiral to her is that the
videoblog that I saw you
this is for her came is the rabbit of
soul
very good people welcome and
welcome to the right one of 'alicia today
we dedicate to the end of summer since
the good ones will return fortunately with
the batteries more charged than ever because
I've had all the time in the world to
do at home
the things that I do in my spare time
for example, playback with same
sum
by phone at the headquarters of the pp work
in mining it is very easy to control
coolest on twitter in an internal kiss
It can be because you
a lot of free time I've had a lot
free time all stuck in what you have
that be the crosswords that if the beach
that if the magazines of the heart this year
we have had some news from the heart
finally they have seen two activists
to wait on the beach
with the bikini top
a scandal like she have left
they all say that it gives a montage but let's go
they give her insurance because they had
written in the belly the bleeding is
sacred
also that the owner of the beach bar has
said that they entered their premises avoiding
at full lung and for her with rap this
summer we have also had many
financial scandals like that of the
family pujol jordi pujol has
presented in front of journalists and
said you can do better photos
what do you want but I'm going to do
delegation of all sales
yes because summer has many things
good but they also have many things
for there are insect ants for all
sides can more feet and then there is
the theme of the vacation theme
I do not have anything against the
family vacations on those mattresses
on the floor those tails to get into
the bathroom that about child and those pinillos
giving all day to me I love
passive family holidays eat
the summer is over, fortunately
summer's worst are the holidays in
family and mosquitoes and they hurt you
the feet with frijolitos
the kiss
have you ever been in a sword
that has entered into a floss
they need the following four
conditions first of all you need
a funny tell the jokes in
second place a dead vegetarian of
hungry third a dog
looking at you with a face of grief and in fourth
fourth place in fourth place
you need a asshole the asshole
of the vacation barbecue in
family
if you ever thought you were in
a barbecue and these were not
four elements you're wrong you would be
in any other place that is
It looked like the municipal funeral home or
maybe I'm taken from a Swedish tourist
sunbathing in benidorm but from
then if there were not those four
elements you were not in a barbecue in
family but this summer
I thought I was going to free myself when I thought
my ship free me I swear the last
day the barbecue arrived in family
the dog was the funny counting
jokes the starving vegetarian
I really do not know how they looked like maybe
they were all the month of August
hidden under a table the case is
that were there and I could not do anything
for avoiding it maybe you are asking
but what is that circus and the
asshole of the barbecue is he who
says things like a lot I'm not racist
but the truth that we should
control borders more I do not know
classic but the truth is that I never
I would take my son to a school in the
periphery or the one that I ask the
vegetarian a you are vegetarian but
ham eat true
or one who he does that say I'm not
Marxist but you have to admit that
there are also women who kill
men forgive the problem is that this
year when I could locate it when
I knew who I was had my sister-in-law to the
right to the pool on the left and
dog with pity face behind me is
to say there was no escape
the first macho comment that
he did see that he claims to be much better
with family vacations maybe it's not
so bad that the summer is over
we say goodbye until the next rabbit
Alicia
It is very easy to lie